Add callout to lifecycle hooks to cross-link to error handling docs (#2058)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/backend-customization/models.md

Lifecycles hooks are not triggered when using directly the [knex](https://knexjs.org/) library instead of Strapi functions.
:::

:::tip

> Check our [error handling](/dev-docs/error-handling#services-and-models-lifecycles) documentation to resolve any errors you may encounter while using the lifecycle hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [error handling](/dev-docs/error-handling#services-and-models-lifecycles) documentation to learn how to throw errors from lifecycle hooks.
```

Reviewer: The docs are not about resolving errors from lifecycles but about how to use the lifecycle hooks (methods) to actually throw errors.
